Update limits_and_triggers.adoc with Cairo step limit and Blockifier … (#1199)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/tools/pages/limits_and_triggers.adoc

Starknet currently has a number of limits in place in order to keep the network stable and optimized for the best performance.

> Blockifier-related constants and limits are defined, starting from Starknet version v0.13.0, in a link:https://github.com/starkware-libs/blockifier/tree/main/crates/blockifier/resources[dedicated file].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blockifier-related constants and limits are defined, starting from Starknet version v0.13.0, in link:https://github.com/starkware-libs/blockifier/blob/main/crates/blockifier/resources/versioned_constants.json[`versioned_constants.json`].
```

|Max transaction size (Cairo steps)|The maximum number of computational steps, measured in Cairo steps, that a transaction can contain when processed on the Starknet network.
This limit is important for ensuring the efficient execution of transactions and preventing potential congestion.

> | 4,000,000 | 4,000,000 | 4,000,000

Reviewer: @odednaor Yesterday I was told that the new limits only apply to Sepolia and Mainnet. Are you sure this applies to Goerli as well?
